hello friends with you valery
butenko
we continue today in these signs
in order to withdraw uterus is necessary
this is such a family age
by the way here we almost listen today
here are three four five six seven and frames
Divorce on sale will be 8
I took out and here I was preparing a well
to gather here the bees here this
the family already on wanted to turn in
some .
they sit pulling up the queens that is
I had to start his destroy the uterus
pick up transplant in here separately
to make
and here I am
seraphy that is, all destroyed the queens
here brood at the exit basically and
There are no grubs to pull up
maybe where there still missed but
in most countries everything is closed there
Well, here it is and here it is
Here I am the second uterus in power and set
everything
ramp sokrat gentlemen little flavor i sweat
will take
on one of them whether put there because
so that the quality of the womb
It must be opened to the solution
when I put the larvae I'll take
hence the frame
just go